repo-updater: BitbucketServerUsernameMigration (#3601)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Removes corrupted archives in the searcher cache and tries to populate the cache again instead of returning an error.

> - The required `bitbucketserver.username` field of a [Bitbucket Server external service configuration](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/bitbucketserver#configuration), if unset or empty, is automatically set to the user part of the `url` (if defined).

Author: ```suggestion
- The required `bitbucketserver.username` field of a [Bitbucket Server external service configuration](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/bitbucketserver#configuration), if unset or empty, is automatically migrated to match the user part of the `url` (if defined).
```

### Fixed

- Removes corrupted archives in the searcher cache and tries to populate the cache again instead of returning an error.
- The required `bitbucketserver.username` field of a [Bitbucket Server external service configuration](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/bitbucketserver#configuration), if unset or empty, is automatically migrated to match the user part of the `url` (if defined).

> - The required `bitbucketserver.username` field of a [Bitbucket Server external service configuration](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/bitbucketserver#configuration), if unset or empty, is automatically set to the user part of the `url` (if defined).

Author: ```suggestion
```
